How can you say that Master Yu saved your life?
How can this be?
Don't think you have an abacus, I don't know
Besides, it's not like I don't give a fee
What do you pay for the consultation?
The family expenses are gone
I'm not asking Li Mang
Did Shanghongmen want the 8 million to owe money?
Why don't you have any money yet?
You are too embarrassed to say
I would rather find the reincarnation of the king of hell
Less than Hongmen debt
Hongmeng is famous for eating people and not spitting bones
Are you asking me to ask for money?
You clearly want me to die
I'm not going.
What else can you do in a day besides idling around?
I can't do it idle
Did you let someone else do it?
Said my son was idle
Isn't this psychopath very capable?
You let him go, and you say my son?
Uncle Che
Paying off debts is natural
Leave it to me Lu Ming, shut up
Do you know where the red door is?
That's a local gang in Zhonghai
ruthless
Vertical and horizontal black and white
Even a hero club has to avoid three points
Speaking of which, don't worry.
own way
What can you do?
Even if you know someone from the Hero Club
But they've already helped us once
Will it offend the red door because of you?
Forget it, my girlfriend is a daughter of Zhonghai's wealthy family
I'm going to ask him for help
Hey this girl
Lu Ming, follow along and take a look.
Don't let this girl get into the tiger's mouth
Uncle, don't worry.
I'll bring back a safe trip
The money owed will also be recovered together.